Selection
20.10.2000
Favorite
12.3.2015
Sport
Organized, well-structured youth sports and on-going physical activities can provide many benefits for children and adolescents. Positive experiences that sports and an active lifestyle bring play an important role in a young person?s life.

14.1.2017
Studying
If You Are The Type Of Person Who Gets Distracted Easily,listening to music while studying would not be a good idea. But this applies only for music with lyrics. Listening to different kinds of melodies can actually help you concentrate on your tasks. Researches have proven that classical music can enhance the studying process and help you memorize information or solve problems easier.
The_end_of_selection
20.11.2016
Capitals
Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain, London has been a major settlement for two millennia. It was founded by the Romans, who named it Londinium.[10] London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its 1.12-square-mile (2.9 km2) medieval boundaries. Since at least the 19th century, "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent and Hertfordshire,[11][12][13] which today largely makes up Greater London,[14][15][note 1] a region governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.

Selection
12.10.2000
Habits
12.6.1998
Smoking
Smoking is a practice in which a substance is burned and the resulting smoke breathed in to be tasted and absorbed into the bloodstream. Most commonly the substance is the dried leaves of the tobacco plant which have been rolled into a small square of rice paper to create a small, round cylinder called a "cigarette". Smoking is primarily practiced as a route of administration for recreational drug use because the combustion of the dried plant leaves vaporizes and delivers active substances into the lungs where they are rapidly absorbed into the bloodstream and reach bodily tissue. In the case of cigarette smoking these substances are contained in a mixture of aerosol particles and gasses and include the pharmacologically active alkaloid nicotine; the vaporization creates heated aerosol and gas to form that allows inhalation and deep penetration into the lungs where absorption into the bloodstream of the active substances occurs.

21.6.1998
Snowboarding
Snowboarding is a recreational activity and Olympic and Paralympic sport that involves descending a snow-covered slope while standing on a snowboard attached to a rider's feet.The development of snowboarding was inspired by skateboarding, sledding, surfing and skiing. It was developed in the United States in the 1960s, became a Winter Olympic Sport at Nagano in 1998[1] and first featured in the Winter Paralympics at Sochi in 2014.[2] Its popularity (as measured by equipment sales) in the United States peaked in 2007 and has been in a decline since.[3]
The_end_of_selection